Now that we have CloudFront cashing our website,
what would happen if we need to update some of our content?
For example, we need to change some text or update an image file.
If we upload our updated content to our origin,
those changes only reside there,
either until cache expires by itself or we step in and
notify CloudFront to update its cached copy.
In this lesson,
we will discuss updating cache copies either by invalidation or versioning.
If you need to refresh or remove a file from
CloudFront edge caches before it expires,
you can invalidate the file.
The next time a viewer requests the file due to the file being invalidated,
CloudFront returns to the origin to fetch the latest version of the file.
If you want to update your files frequently,
it is recommended that you primarily use file versioning.
When the request reaches the edge caches, it won't have the new file.
CloudFront will count it as a cache miss and pull
the new version from your origin.
Let's update our CSS file.
If we load our website in our browser,
we can see that our CSS file is at the path /css/style.css
and loaded from the CloudFront edge caches.
You will see that we have a last modified date,
which is much older than our current request date.
Let's invalidate this file so we can load the latest copy in our browser.
To invalidate files,
you can specify either the path for the individual file
or a path that ends in a wildcard.
On your screen,
you can see that AWS provides a few examples of how they should be entered.
Within the CloudFront service within the console,
in your distribution, if you head to the Invalidations tab,
you can create a new invalidation.
Click Create Invalidation.
Since we want to invalidate our CSS file,
and we know that the path is /css/style.css,
we could invalidate this file directly.
If we had other CSS files to invalidate,
we could use /css/* or, well, if we wanted to invalidate everything,
we could just use /*.
We won't do that because we do not want to refresh everything, just our CSS.
You can submit a specified number of invalidation paths each month for free.
If you submit more than the allotted number of invalidation paths in a month,
you pay a fee for each additional invalidation path that you submit.
We'll touch more on cost in a moment.
For now, click Invalidate, and we can now see that it's in progress.
Right now,
CloudFront is notifying every edge cache to invalidate
the file they have in their cache.
Once they are invalidated, when we refresh the page,
the edge cache will grab the latest version from our origin.
If you use the AWS Command Line Interface for invalidating files,
you can use the following command.
If you specify a path that includes the wildcard,
you must use quotes around the path.
If you're invalidating files individually,
you can have invalidation requests for up to 3000 files per
distribution in progress at any one time.
This can be one invalidation request for up to 3000 files,
up to 3000 requests for one file each, or any
combination that doesn't exceed 3000 files.
For example,
you can submit 30 invalidation requests that invalidate a hundred files
each. As long as all 30 invalidation requests are still going, you
can't submit any more invalidation requests.
If you exceed the limit,
CloudFront will return an error message. If you're using the wildcard,
you can have requests for up to 15 invalidation paths in progress at one time.
You can also have invalidation requests for up to 3000 individual
files per distribution in progress at the same time. The limit on
wildcard invalidation requests are independent of the limit on
invalidating files individually. The first 1000 invalidation paths
that you submit per month are free.
You pay for each invalidation path over 1000 in a month.
An invalidation path can be for a single file, such as
css/style.css, or for multiple files, such as /css/*. A path that
includes the star wildcard counts as one path,
even if it causes CloudFront to invalidate thousands of
files. At the time I'm recording this video,
CloudFront lists a price for five thousandths of a dollar per invalidation.
The limit of 1000 invalidation paths per month applies to the
total number invalidation paths across all of the distributions
you create under one AWS account, For example,
if you were to create three distributions and then submit 600
invalidation paths for each distribution in a given month
equaling a total of 1800 validation paths,
AWS will charges for 800 invalidation paths in that month.
I mean, it's only $4 US, but it can add up,
especially if you have a lot of distributions and
are deploying on a frequent cycle.
Okay, now that we know that AWS sets limits on invalidations,
let's talk about how we get around this. Versioning
our files is a much better practice,
since it reduces the need for regular invalidation requests.
Let's walk through the following scenario.
If we version our static assets,
we can include the version in the references within our HTML.
If before we had a file on our origin located at css/style.css, but
now if we called it css/style‑1.0.css, any further updates could
use an incriminating version number.
Let's update our HTML to reference this new version number.
Since our HTML will not be a version file,
we will need to invalidate it, but no need to invalidate our CSS.
Let's create our invalidation for our index.html.
Once that completes, we will refresh our page.
As you can see, when we first refresh the root of our website,
the load time has jumped 400% to nearly 5 seconds.
Why is it taking so long?
Well, if you look at the load time for your HTML,
it's one of the longest loading items on our timeline at nearly 2 seconds.
Let's see why it took so long.
Ah,
a miss from CloudFront, because we needed to pull the latest file from origin.
What else took a particularly long time? Ah, and now
we see our new version CSS file.
We didn't need to invalidate the CSS file because our new HTML
referenced this new file, which got pulled from origin and should now
be cached. After a new refresh, and we see our load time has returned
to our expected baseline, our index.html now has a great response time,
and so does our style‑1.0.css.
As you can see, removing items from our cache can provide a few benefits,
one being that we can easily update our content in several different ways.
Two, we're able to perform updates while maintaining the user experience.
We now know how to remove files from our cache either through an
invalidation or by adding cache‑busting versioning to our files.
And due to limits and cost, you should now understand when and why to use either method.